Hot wax drippin', honey, what do you say?

I got a brand new record that I gotta play

She says, "Not now, boy", but I did anyway

'Cause I'm ready, so ready

Lip-smackin', paddy-wackin', walkin' the street

I got a ragtop Chevy, now I'm back on my feet

I get an EMHO woody when I sit in the seat

'Cause I'm ready, so ready, yeah

I got a girlfriend with the hoochy-coochy eyes

'Cause in the pink she look so fine

She's got the Cracker Jack, now all I want's the prize, honey

Heh-heh-heh!

I know these hookers down on 42nd street

But, uh, ill-gotten booty's not my style

I'll take a rain check 'til I get back on my feet, honey

Heh-heh, yeah!

'Cause I'm alright

Your daddy says I'm alright

Mm, your momma says, alright

And my old lady says I'm alright

Whipcrackin' floozy, way out of control

She's got a new kind of jelly in her jelly roll

I got the right key, baby, but the wrong keyhole

And I'm ready, so ready

I'm a red, hot pistol and I'm ready to fight

I'm a .38 special on a Saturday night

I'm gonna kiss your boo-boo, honey, make it alright

'Cause I'm ready, so ready, whoo!

I got a cruiser with a bimbo on the dash

It kinda keeps my ass in line

One little french kiss, honey, that's my kinda trash

Yeah!

My brand new baby's lookin' F-I-N-E, fine

The sun is shinin' every day

Ain't got no rubbers, now it's rainin' all the time, honey

Ooh!

'Cause it's alright

My little sister says I'm alright

Ooh, my brother thinks I'm alright

And my old lady knows I'm alright

I feel like I'm hung up on the line

I'd die for you, but we were partners in the crime

Everything about you is so F-I-N-E, fine

Let's put our clothes back on

And, by the way, girl, what's your name again? Uh-huh!

Come on, come on, come on, come on

Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah

Ow! G-G-G-G-G-Gow!

'Cause it's alright

Ooh, your daddy says I'm alright

And Tipper thinks I'm alright

And Joe Perry says I'm alright

Pitched my tent in the pouring rain

I got a back seat lover that's callin' my name

She's gonna blow my cover, she's hot as a flame

But I'm ready, so ready, ow!

I shove my tongue right between your cheeks

I haven't made love now for twenty-five weeks

I hear that you're so tight, your lovin' squeaks

And I'm ready, so ready

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, ooh, hoo-hoo!

(If I could, I surely would)

(Stand in the place, but you're Holly—)